So...
(***) movies
ohh (***) Do you know?
It's a  bobsied team Jamaican bobsled team.
that you know
haahaa
Yeah,
Did you cry?
It's a tearjerker. Yeah.
yeah and it's a true story
Yeah. Yeah.
yeah
ohh
ohh What movie did you cry like?
oh evething
For a different reason.  haahaa
What is this again?
okay haahaa
Okay, I don't like Stephen King.
ahh
ohh
haahaa
(***)
Okay, I don't think I have the similar movie taste.
What?
But you know actually like the one zombie movie I actually
enjoyed was a world...
Oh, World with (***)
yeah (***) I don't like zombies
(***)
yeah i like (***)
Brad Pitt movie, but I am not sure if I see it. haahaa
Yeah, but overall it's fine.
I wouldn't pick it, but if I had to choose...
out of all of the zombie movies, I'm like, okay.
yeah
Oh, okay.
Have you seen the unedited version?
I like that one better because there are certain scenes that they removed.
from the movie, but you're like, oh, okay, now that explains, yeah.
Yeah, it's about the each movie is like what like
five hours to six hours long.
Because it's a director's uncut version. yeah
Yeah, yeah yeah
you
Yeah, sometimes you're like, oh, I like the scene in the book.
And then they left that in the uncut version and you're like, oh, that's right.
haahaa yeah
yeah pretty most of it is pretty accurately
oh the
okay